Do you know what these things are in front of you?
It's been years since you leaked to the Pantheon to place important military ministry documents.
And the image of you interacting with Pantheon's men at the border.
What else do you have to say
The same trick.
Come to me it works.
It works.
Take this so-called iron evidence.
What you do to me
Do you want me to make one up for you?
But now the king of Quang Lang is sitting here.
It doesn't hurt.
Compared to you
No one in this world is more cruel than your heart.
My army is a great wicked man.
I really admire you so much
But you messed up
Baby don't fight too much
Why didn't I say
It will leave you an experience.
I can't believe you're hiding so deep.
I really misread you, boss.
You see more in the wrong place.
King Quang Lang Tay Duyen said that it was a driving disaster
You have to ask for a substitute witness.
The first year you talk about these border papers, who told you to be sneaky?
Of
That he is genuine arranged by the King of Quang Lang